When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

1) When work may need a remote backup. I.e. backup in case of local hardware failure.
2) When work may need access from multiple locations.
3) When work may need to be accessed by several workers.
4) When work may need to be puclicly avaialble and shared.

This line is to test and debug core.editor that I could not setup for notepad++

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

 As far as I understand, Git is a tool for manual version control. A human being is to decide when to performe manual commits. Otherwise, automatic commits will take over the control of the work. It will overwrite the work of the programmer.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

Branching creates a copy of an existing repository, either local or remote.

However, this copy remains an internal part of that repository.
Braincing is used when a worker(s) need to work on the same project/target/product/
piece of code. For isntance, a game is developed by a company. So, there is a repository
for that game.
Branching is recommended to be used for development of: (1) versions of the same code
and/or project (part of a larger code); (2) testing and experimenting; (3)
collaborating on the same piece of code by various workers; (4) keeping production
code and development code separate from each other.

Cloning and forking are technically similar. They both create a topy of a repository.
They are used to make a copy that is not connected and is not a part, like branching,
of its parent repository. It is used for copying of code for storage or for futher 
independent usage of it. Cloning relates to making a copy on a local machine. Forking
relates to github. GitHub provides some extra features for forking, like, for instance, 
tracking of users that forked.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    Fill in your answer here

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    Fill in your answer here

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    Fill in your answer here
